[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The first time I was supposed
to remember and to understand
who I was was when
I was 12 years old.
My guides told me
in seven days, I
would start to
remember other lives.
That week, the first
memory I had was myself
with the body of a
woman and the man who
was my husband in that life,
both of us asking for help
and support there in the
basik, what we call now
the great sphinx.
The first image I had
of my entire memories
was being there, watching the
lion straight to the eyes,
and asking the
basik, as we call it,
for help to support myself in
everything that I had to do
and that I wouldn't
be able to accomplish.
From that memory,
from the emotion,
I started to remember
my country, Khem.
Around 2,000 years
after the Atlantean
Empire began crumbling,
several colonies had formed.
I was living in the
major colony named Khem.
This colony was built around the
plan we call Ater Tumti, which
means bring heaven on Earth.
The main goal of
Khem was to create
a society built around an
initiated path along the Nile
River.
My name was Shiw, and I
completed the initiated path,
experiencing the most
intense challenges to test
every cell of my body,
a series of 33 tests
to transcend the limits
of the third dimension.
This test was to prepare
you to become a key
to open and raise the harmonic
frequency of the planet Earth.
To become an adilion,
which means those
who are the elements of nature.
In this season, we
will dive deeper
into Atlantean
technology, discover
the origins of the gods and
goddesses from ancient Egypt,
follow the path of initiation
through my memories of it,
and reveal how Khem
became one of the mother
civilizations of the planet.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
How did the Atlanteans open
the natural portals on Earth?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore the technology
of Atlantis civilization.
From the perspective
of the universe,
time is not a structure.
Time is not a trinity of
past, present, and future,
but a process of
four stages which
are experienced
as waves expanding
through the universe
because of vibration.
The vibration moves faster or
slower, creating frequencies,
and those frequencies
are how time
is expressed in the
third dimension,
as a colors of light spectrum.
In the stories my
grandfather told me,
there was two names that we had
to follow the whole universe
and the whole existence.
The first name of
the universe was mhs,
M-H-S. M is the portal.
H, the time.
S, the space.
And saham, the
mirror world to it.
It was the space, the
time, and the portal.
The story of mhs and saham
was the story of all of us.
It was how the
universe was created
from the portal from
within, and this portal
opened the waves of time.
And these waves of
time started to create
the different synthesis in which
the matter would be created.
The first story tells
about this god or goddess
that started to breathe the
creation and saw every time.
So, the future.
After that, he experienced
every present in that existence,
and after that created
the structures to leave
every one of those presents.
So becomes the past.
The three times started to
create the patterns of matter,
of reality, and create
the path towards the heart
of the creation again.
That's why from the
beginning, we call M-H-S, mhs,
the creator from every portal.
And then every portal has to
go back through time and space
to find itself in the
source of creation.
So when every being was created
in different dimensions,
they were created through time.
And time was the common
expression of every reality
until time, with all
its waves, started
to create the
different vibrations
and synthesis in which the
realities would be held.
So that created the matter
and all the civilizations
living in physical worlds.
These physical worlds
started to create in space
the codes of time.
Matter and space is
just the shapes of time.
It's just another
way in which it
is expressed through vibration.
In order to change the realities
in the three-dimensional space,
we have to become time,
transform ourselves
in the dimensions of time so
we can have the information
to know how to move realities
through the waves of time.
The only thing that
changed realities
is the concept of time.
The thing is that
for humans, time
was just something
that happened,
that we called past,
present, and future.
But for every dimension,
it isn't like that.
The time is not
something that happens.
It's something that vibrates.
It's something that
holds everything together
and that transforms
constantly everything.
So if you are able to
transform yourself,
it means that you
are able to handle
the past, which are all the
structures that hold you,
that creates you.
And you are able to
control the present
if you are able to go and
have free wisdom, free love,
and free will.
And then you are able to reach
the information in the future.
And reach information
in the future
is to be closer to the
source of the universe.
It's totally opposite to
our way of seeing time.
It's not going backwards,
what takes you to the source.
It's going to the
future what gets you
closer to the very beginning.
What we realized
was that if we know
how to use the past information,
the tools of the geometry,
of vibration, we
would understand
how to handle our
present and get
inside the information
of the future, which
is the only time that could be
in every time possibly created.
Time travel was
not only physical,
because in order to
go into another time,
you needed to be in resonance
with the same amount of energy.
That means that when
you travel through time,
mostly you are not going
physically to those places,
but you are channeling
those places.
The most aware consciousness and
civilizations from the galaxy
knew at that point
that the only way
you can connect
with every space is
through those waves
of consciousness that
goes through the time.
And that is why
it's so difficult
to say in which moments happen
everything that happened
in every planet, because
the communications
between the planets,
it's not through space.
It's through time.
That is why in the fourth
dimension, every species that
created the concept
of the consciousness
in their confederation,
they would
look into all the
process of time,
and they could see every
process of every species
from the very beginning to
the very end in just one spot.
So what they did was
to focus on those parts
and communicate with
them through time
so they could
recreate the creation
and redo every pattern that
the universe was creating.
So that would help us to be
part of the conscious of god.
That would make us like
god in a living shape.
Controlling time is controlling
the shapes of the matter,
and that is why we needed
the technology of sound
in order to understand how
to transform this reality.
Every planet that we
know is in a process
of unconscious evolution.
But when a planet starts
to be in a process
of conscious
evolution, every planet
in the galactic
confederation that
are connected to
those waves of time
knows and realized
that that planet is
willing to open the
portals so the mhs can
get in the process of
evolution, so the beings
alive in that planet could
create the machines to go back
to the saham.
Another way to understand
the saham and the mhs
is to understand that mhs is
saying the question, am I?
And saham is saying, I am.
When the universe knows that
it is, that it is a being,
the main clue that it has
to know itself in the path
through wisdom is to ask
and have doubt of who it is.
So when it has doubt,
it is to ask, am I this?
Am I this?
So when you already
exist in the world,
what you will
do is to try to go
back to the self.
That's why we start
with the process of I.
So we need to discover who I am.
So that's why the
process of saham
is discovered that I am a
part of the consciousness
in the universe.
Every portal in
the conscious world
is like a breathing
being saying, am I?
I am.
Am I?
I am, constantly.
So these 12 portals of every
sphere, in every reality,
is breathing constantly this
question and this answer.
Each one of them
has a different type
of vibration according
to the constellations
that they are looking at.
So that's why when
a planet starts
to be aware of who
it is, it means
that this matter, this
space is ready to go
through the process of time.
It means that space
can control time.
When we not only live
through the matter,
but we can also
live through time
is when the planets
realize that time
is the most important energy
and most important information
that you could ever handle.
And that is why
every civilization
in the confederation is
trying to control time,
because whoever controlled the
time controls all the creation.
So when Earth started to be
aware of who it is, what Earth
did was to go to the
deepest part of evolution
and to seek these
beings who were
able to represent the
consciousness of the planet.
And then all the species
that came to Earth
was to prepare these beings that
became the humans to be aware
that they were the
physical shapes of time
in every dimension, that we are
the last product of that aware
being that is willing
to figure out who it is.
Arcturians came to
this planet to help
to improve the way of thinking
about itself through changing
the vibration of the blood.
Changing vibration of the
blood would improve the DNA,
because the information,
the resonance of our blood
would accept all the
information from the stars.
So they were preparing
the bodies, the planet,
and the blood that
we have within
to be aware of who we are.
When every family of
Atlantean civilization
started to split
around the world
because Arcturian people told
them to seek those places,
to reach those portals, what
they discovered traveling
around the world
was that every spot
was connected through the
structures of geometry.
When they discovered the
mathematics in that geometry,
they figured out
that every spot--
sacred spot in the
world was connected
almost in the same distance,
one from each other.
So they discovered that the
whole structure of the planet
was just a structure of
geometry dividing itself
in thousands and thousands
of billions of parts,
and that if you discover those
special spots in the planet,
you could talk with any
atom in this planet.
When you get that
information as a human,
you could hear and listen
the universe talking.
That power makes you
recognize that you
are able to be
part of everything
that you know, everything
that you recognize,
everything that you can touch,
feel, see, listen, smell.
And then is when you
come to this awareness
that if you can be
that reality, then
you can also transform
that reality.
Atlantis was trying to
reach the knowledge within
and the knowledge of
the self by meditation,
by building these sound
machines with circles of stones,
with these cities in the
shape of circles with water.
And water would help them
to communicate through time.
When they discovered how they
could read water by frequency,
by vibration, and how
sound would be the language
to decode the structure
of the reality,
it was the time for Sirian
people to get into this plan
and teach them how to build
civilizations according to what
this planet needed to do.
The goal of the
confederation to do that
was to allow bigger
synapses to contact
the core of the reality.
As I said before, every
species, every planet
has their own way
to see the universe.
And as many conscious planets
we had in this galaxy,
the biggest mind we
have-- we can create,
and the closer we get to
the core of the creation
to the future.
Geometry and architecture
were the main things
that we needed to build
these machines to open
the portals in this planet.
Sirian people taught
humans how to build
these structures, this geometry,
with the patterns of vibration.
To make it easier
to carve the stones,
they would use these pillars
of minerals called djeds.
These pillars held different
levels of vibration,
making it work
like a tuning fork.
It would direct a
powerful frequency
towards the stone to change
the vibration of the minerals
within the stone.
This modification
by vibration would
rearrange the structure of the
minerals on a quantum level.
Patterns of vibration,
the technology of sound,
the technology of
the ways of frequency
would be the one
allowing every being
to go through one
dimension to another.
That is why sound was so
important, because if you make
a perfect vibration
in one being,
in one side of the
universe, and it
has the same amount
of matter and energy
in the other part
of the universe,
if they are resonating
exactly in the same vibration
and frequency, so
whatever happens
to this world or this
being is going to happen
to this world or this being.
So what they did was to realize
that they could build realities
through this time
and make models
of these structures
of time here on Earth.
The Atlantean civilization
was able to build the biggest
structures that even today
we don't know how to build,
which are the pyramids.
Pyramids all over
the world helped
us to build the
time machines to get
into the communication with
every planet and every star.
The technology of
sound allowed us
to go to the core of the
creation through time.
It was something that allowed
us to go deeper into the self,
into the creation.
It's the technology
that makes yourself
a part of that technology.
If the human using
that technology
is not aligned with the same
vibration with the matter,
it is going to transform.
If you don't become the
stone you are going to carve,
if you don't become the plant
you are going to make medicine
from, because the
energy of frequency,
the energy, the
technology of frequency,
the technology of sound requires
for a being in the matter
to be aligned with every time.
And that is why for
Atlanteans, the first step was
to make the path to the self.
And that is why they had to
teach every Atlantean how
to handle the emotions,
the body, and the spirit.
They had to make
this preparation
for the vibration
of the entire body
and to be aligned in
neutrality so they could really
talk and resonate
with the other reality
they were going to transform.
That is the main key
of that technology.
It's not something outside
you as a technology
that you have to become in
order to use and transform
the realities in
the third dimension.
When they were trying to open
those portals through the stars
and the time, they had to figure
that the main structure of it
was the body.
The key of everything
So what they tried to do was to
imitate outside with minerals
the body of a human being,
and that was the key
to open the portals.
That key is called the ankh.
In Atlantean times, we
called it hai, which
means life, the energy of life.
The ankh is a
pillar of minerals.
And when a priest or a
priestess would begin chanting,
it would start to resonate
in the perfect vibration
by resonating into two
spots, positive and negative.
Like a magnet, these two forces
would create a neutral point
of energy in the center that
expands up and down, creating
the shape of a torus.
It was trying to imitate our
bodies and the way the Earth
works with magnetism.
Our own body has
seven chakras within.
Then we have the positive
and the negative energy
in our hands.
All the Kundalini energy opens
the lotus, the crown chakra.
And when it opens, it creates a
magnetic field around the body.
In an ankh ceremony, there would
be four priests and priestesses
and an initiate.
One priest would hold
the ankh and two priests
would hold the djeds, which
were pillars of minerals
with four different
levels of vibration
that worked like tuning forks.
The priestess would
begin singing, making
the water vibrate in
the same frequency
as the priest and priestess.
Then the priest would start
to sing, moving the djeds
so they could hold the
vibration around the initiate.
The priest with the ankh
would take the vibration
and transform it into
energy through the metals
within the ankh and direct this
energy towards the initiate.
The pattern of energy that moves
between the ankh and the body
creates the main
channel of energy
that would bend space and open
a magnetic portal of time.
Through this
ceremony, what they do
is to tune the vibration
from that main channel
with the vibration
of the initiate
so the body can reconnect
by resonance to the network
of portals of the planet.
This would make the blood
of the initiate vibrate
in the same resonance
as the information,
so the person would
become an extension
of the portals of the planet.
They also in
Atlantean time, they
used to put the dead bodies
in those high-level vibration
so the atoms of the
body would spread and go
all over the universe,
again by vibration.
So that's why in ancient times,
they had healing places but not
burial places.
They wouldn't use cemeteries
to put their bodies.
They would just put their
bodies in the boxes that
resonate so high that
they would just disappear,
and they would just
return to the source.
Through the teachings of the
Inna people, the Sirians,
they understood that all the
modification through time
would be recorded in water.
And as we are almost
70% to 80% water,
all our body would
be able to travel
through time because of the
modification of our cells.
What they did was to build
these structures of pyramids
like big centrals of energy
where they would put water
on it, and they
created mostly in Egypt
all these carvings
below with water
so they would be able to
contact with different aspects
of the human brain.
The main city as I
remember in Khem--
now it's Giza in Egypt--
for us was called Ruhnilah.
And Ruhnilah was the
brain city, as we call it.
All the structures,
temples, and houses
were built connected one to
another through channels.
All these structures needed
water to record information.
They would channel
specific information
from the human brain and
the brain of the Earth.
In the time I was
living there, I
don't remember
carving the stones.
I don't remember
putting anything
in the stones,
because we don't want
it to damage the information by
doing something inappropriate,
which is writing a concept
that we don't have,
that is not a complete concept.
And if you put a
letter on a stone,
you would codify the
information in just one aspect.
So what we did was just to sing
or drink water to the stones.
And the magnetic vibration by
these pillars, what we would do
was to download or upload
information to the stones,
to the pyramids.
And from the
pyramids, they would
vibrate to the whole network
of information in every portal.
The most important
portal was in Egypt,
and I remember there was only
one pyramid at that time.
Not three of them.
And this big pyramid was shiny
in the top with crystals.
It was connected with
two obelisks that also
had these crystals in the top.
And what they did was create
a band of magnetic field
in between the three
points that was
connecting through different
lines inside the pyramid.
And we had shiny
mirrors in every chamber
so they would bring
the light in resonance.
This hall of mirrors
within the pyramid
would allow us to see every
perspective of ourselves.
Inside water, inside
all this vibration,
and by putting the consciousness
of a beam inside that pyramid,
what we would achieve was to
go really high in vibration
and speak with the world.
That's why we call the
Atlanteans the human gods,
because we were
able to become gods
during the process
of connectivity,
during the process of high
vibration in these structures
that Sirians helped us to
build and to understand
how to travel through time.
And that allowed us to go
to the core of the universe,
to the main answer, who am I?
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode, we
will discuss ancient Egypt
during Atlantean times.
[MUSIC PLAYING]